stuff okay hey guys i am at DMP sports
cars and rana me is a box of the new
panini dominion thanks to Chris again
who is the owner of the card store
you're walking thanks for coming in so
everybody go to DMP sports cards in
sacramento that's where i go this is our
second video break of the stuff in the
store the first video break which i
haven't put on youtube yet but keep an
eye open for us as the has an emerald
jeff skinner rookie auto patched it got
cold cool so you know really nice box i
think it's a wood wood box so this is my
first box of dominion see what we get
for their book sinister I believe that
our books but not in this pack alright
so starting off with a Rick Nash base to
199 next we have a tom barrasso base 299
it gets its a silver version yeah I
think it's part of the regular set
builder we have a rookie signatures card
number 172 172 is yonas hollows of a new
vehicle that is no miss Hollis I do not
okay Oh grass bonanza of Ron Francis
that's a pretty good whalers yeah I
gotta love the Whalers next up we have
nice little real man army we're just
talking about her yeah actually that
this Ron Francis is number 250 number 15
of 50 it's a great-looking card and
Manon Madame au number 250 as well
number 40 or 50 very nice and she's in
our Tampa Bay Jersey which is kind of
cool next up we got a jersey number Adam
graves of Adam graves yep those are
number two oh my gosh the blue under 25
did you see what's next no I saw your
reaction to what's nice look at it oh
wow should we wait for last put that of
the ball yeah let's put that at the
bottom all right Ryan Miller beautiful
awesome beautiful whites watch gold
number 2 99 ok we have a Ben Smith
autograph card number 2 199 there's your
rookie we went did we do Kari Lehtonen
re nope okay Cara them Kari Lehtonen
gold base to 199 hmm there's that I'm
brave again and the big one here we go
drumroll please we have I seen this
amazing food NHL shield out look at that
Michael I Camilleri so all you have fans
1 million dollars 1 million you can
afford it last chance there you go
that's the second shield card pull out
of the store in two days so you know
what if you want to get a shield you
have to come to DMP sports cars
outstanding card congratulations Luke
thanks Chris let's see what we got we
got a 101 beautiful okay cool thanks
Chris thanks for watching everybody see
you guys later